
================================================================================
Task 69/500: What is the main ingredient in hummus?
================================================================================

╭──────────────────────────────────────── New run ─────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                          │
│ What is the main ingredient in hummus?                                                   │
│                                                                                          │
╰─ LiteLLMModel - ollama_chat/qwen3:1.7b ──────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━ Step 1 ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
Output message of the LLM: ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
<think>                                                                                     
Okay, the user is asking for the main ingredient in hummus. I need to figure out how to find
this information. Let me think about the tools available. The tools mentioned are           
web_search, visit_webpage, and final_answer. So maybe I should use web_search to look up the
ingredients of hummus.                                                                      
                                                                                            
First, I'll perform a web search for "main ingredient in hummus". The result should give me 
the answer. Once I get the information, I can then use the final_answer tool to present the 
result.                                                                                     
                                                                                            
I need to make sure the search is specific enough. Maybe the search query should be "main   
ingredient hummus" or something similar. Let me check the tools again. The web_search       
function takes a query string, so I'll use that.                                            
                                                                                            
After getting the search results, I'll parse the information to find the main ingredient.   
For example, if the search result says "Hummus is made from chickpeas, olive oil, and       
garlic," then the main ingredient is chickpeas. But I need to extract that from the search  
results.                                                                                    
                                                                                            
Since the user wants the main ingredient, I'll need to process the search results and       
extract the key information. If the search results are in markdown format, I can use print()
to output the relevant part. Then, the final_answer will be called with that information.   
                                                                                            
I should also consider if there are multiple ingredients, but the question asks for the main
one, so the answer is likely the primary component, like chickpeas. Let me proceed with the 
code.                                                                                       
</think>                                                                                    
                                                                                            
Thought: I will use the web_search tool to find the main ingredient in hummus and then      
extract the answer from the results.                                                        
Code:                                                                                       
```py                                                                                       
hummus_ingredients = web_search(query="main ingredient in hummus")                          
print("Hummus ingredients:", hummus_ingredients)                                            
final_answer("The main ingredient in hummus is chickpeas.")                                 
```                                                                                         
 ─ Executing parsed code: ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  hummus_ingredients = web_search(query="main ingredient in hummus")                        
  print("Hummus ingredients:", hummus_ingredients)                                          
  final_answer("The main ingredient in hummus is chickpeas.")                               
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
Execution logs:
Hummus ingredients: ## Search Results

[Hummus: Ingredients, Recipe, and Benefits - 
WebMD](https://www.webmd.com/diet/hummus-recipe-and-benefits)
Chickpeas, hummus's main ingredient, give you protein, good-for-you carbs, and fiber. Like 
other members of the legume family, they routinely top lists of the world's healthiest 
foods.

[What Is the Main Ingredient of Hummus - 
Recipes.net](https://recipes.net/articles/what-is-the-main-ingredient-of-hummus/)
Hummus is a creamy, flavorful dip made with chickpeas, tahini, olive oil, garlic, lemon 
juice, and salt. Chickpeas are nutritious legumes that give hummus its distinctive taste and
texture, and can be customized with different variations.

[What Is A Primary Ingredient For Hummus? - The Cooking 
Facts](https://thecookingfacts.com/what-is-a-primary-ingredient-for-hummus/)
Learn why chickpeas are the essential ingredient for hummus and how to make this delicious 
dip with tahini, olive oil, garlic, and lemon juice. Discover the health benefits, flavor 
variations, and alternative base ingredients for hummus.

[Hummus Recipe (Creamy and Smooth) | The Mediterranean 
Dish](https://www.themediterraneandish.com/how-to-make-hummus/)
Learn how to make hummus at home with only 6 ingredients: chickpeas, garlic, tahini, lemon, 
olive oil, and salt. Find tips, variations, and ways to enjoy this creamy and smooth dip.

[Classic Hummus Recipe (Ingredients & Tips!) - A Couple 
Cooks](https://www.acouplecooks.com/5-ingredient-classic-homemade-hummus/)
Learn how to make hummus with only 5 ingredients: chickpeas, tahini, garlic, lemon juice, 
and cumin. Find tips, variations, and ways to eat this creamy, flavorful dip.

[What Is Hummus? And How to Make Hummus. - Food 
Network](https://www.foodnetwork.com/how-to/packages/food-network-essentials/what-is-hummus)
Hummus ingredients for cooking - chickpea, tahini, olive oil and herbs. Middle eastern 
cuisine. ... Chickpeas drive the main flavor of hummus. The dip is rounded out with nutty 
tahini paste ...

[The Delicious World of Hummus: Uncovering the Secrets of this Tasty 
Dip](https://flavorycooking.com/what-kind-of-food-is-hummus/)
The main ingredients in traditional hummus are chickpeas, tahini, garlic, lemon juice, and 
olive oil. Chickpeas provide the base for the dip, while tahini adds a rich, creamy texture.
Garlic is added for flavor, while lemon juice provides a tangy taste. Olive oil is used to 
thin out the dip and add a smooth consistency.

[The BEST Hummus I Have Ever Had! - The Recipe 
Critic](https://therecipecritic.com/hummus-recipe/)
The main ingredients in a hummus is chickpeas, tahini and olive oil. Add in lemon and garlic
for extra flavoring. It is a popular dip in the Middle East, middle eastern and 
mediterranean areas. Now, it is a popular spread that is found in several grocery stores and
now being made at home. Homemade Hummus Ingredients:

[The Delicious and Nutritious World of Hummus: Uncovering its 
Ingredients](https://homediningkitchen.com/what-is-hummus-made-of-that-you-eat/)
Hummus is a dip or spread made from chickpeas, tahini, garlic, lemon juice, and olive oil. 
Learn about the nutritional benefits of each ingredient, the variations of hummus, and the 
health benefits of hummus.

[Authentic Hummus Recipe: Fresh & Fast in 7 
Minutes!](https://darngoodrecipes.com/authentic-hummus-recipe/)
Here are hummus main ingredients, including some options. Know that the tahini is a made 
from sesame so it has the key flavor you want from this traditional hummus recipe. Chickpeas
(aka Garbanzo beans) tahini; lemon juice; olive oil (or sesame oil) minced garlice; salt; 
Or, you can make a Hummus with No Tahini. How To Make Hummus Using Canned ...

Out - Final answer: The main ingredient in hummus is chickpeas.
[Step 1: Duration 19.15 seconds| Input tokens: 2,099 | Output tokens: 391]

Output:
The main ingredient in hummus is chickpeas.

Task 69 complete.
------------------------------------------------------------
