
================================================================================
Task 39/500: What is the main ingredient in guacamole?
================================================================================

╭──────────────────────────────────────── New run ─────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                          │
│ What is the main ingredient in guacamole?                                                │
│                                                                                          │
╰─ LiteLLMModel - ollama_chat/qwen3:1.7b ──────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━ Step 1 ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
Output message of the LLM: ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
<think>                                                                                     
Okay, the user is asking for the main ingredient in guacamole. Let me think about how to    
approach this.                                                                              
                                                                                            
First, I need to recall what guacamole is. It's a Mexican sauce made from avocado, usually  
with some lime, onions, and sometimes other ingredients. But the main ingredient is the     
avocado. However, I should verify this to make sure there's no other main ingredient that's 
more significant.                                                                           
                                                                                            
Since I can use web search tools, I should perform a search to confirm the primary          
ingredient. The user might be expecting avocado, but maybe there's a twist. For example,    
sometimes it's made with tomatoes, but that's not common. Alternatively, maybe the question 
is a trick, but the answer is definitely avocado.                                           
                                                                                            
I'll use the web_search tool with the query "main ingredient in guacamole" to get the       
accurate information. Then, I can process the result to extract the answer.                 
</think>                                                                                    
                                                                                            
Thought: I will use the web search tool to find the main ingredient in guacamole.           
Code:                                                                                       
```py                                                                                       
guacamole_inheritance = web_search(query="main ingredient in guacamole")                    
print(guacamole_inheritance)                                                                
```                                                                                         
 ─ Executing parsed code: ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  guacamole_inheritance = web_search(query="main ingredient in guacamole")                  
  print(guacamole_inheritance)                                                              
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
Execution logs:
## Search Results

[The Best Guacamole Recipe - Simply 
Recipes](https://www.simplyrecipes.com/recipes/perfect_guacamole/)
Learn how to make the best guacamole with just ripe avocados and a handful of flavorful 
mix-ins. Find tips on picking, cutting, storing, and varying avocados, as well as other uses
for guacamole.

[Guacamole And Its Ingredients - All About The Decadent ... - 
SpiceRally](https://spicerally.com/guacamole-and-its-ingredients/)
In fact, the nutritional value of guacamole is one of the main reasons, apart from its 
taste, to become so popular among the USA community and, basically, in most parts of the 
world. ... Other Guacamole Ingredients. In addition to the staple ingredients discussed 
above, almost every guacamole recipe is seasoned with salt. And the recipes based ...

[3-Ingredient Basic Guacamole Recipe - 
Pillsbury.com](https://www.pillsbury.com/recipes/3-ingredient-basic-guacamole/8876c513-f6f8-
42a0-a5b5-8fd18429efaa)
Look no further for a go-to guacamole recipe. With this dish, you can learn how to make easy
guacamole in no time! All you need is avocados, lime juice, salt and hot sauce to throw 
together this classic Mexican side that's ready to serve in just 10 minutes. Call for the 
kids and have them help you make this simple guacamole recipe.

[The Most Authentic Mexican Guacamole Recipe - My Latina 
Table](https://www.mylatinatable.com/homemade-mexican-guacamole/)
Learn how to make guacamole with avocado, cilantro, onion, jalapeno, lime juice, salt and 
tomato. This easy and delicious recipe is perfect for any Mexican appetizer or snack.

[Easy Guacamole Recipe - How to Make the Best Guacamole - The Pioneer 
Woman](https://www.thepioneerwoman.com/food-cooking/recipes/a36698150/guacamole-recipe/)
Step 1 In a medium bowl, combine the lime juice, onion, and salt. Let sit for 5 minutes. 
Step 2 Meanwhile, halve the avocados lengthwise and remove the pits. Using a spoon, scrape 
the flesh of the avocado into the bowl with the onion mixture. With a fork, or potato 
masher, mash the avocados, making sure to leave it relatively chunky.

[What Are the Ingredients for Guacamole? Ultimate 
Guide](https://cronorecipes.com/ingredients-for-guacamole/)
Learn what are the ingredients for guacamole? and how to make a perfect batch. Avocados, 
lime juice, onions, cilantro and salt are the essentials, while tomatoes, jalapeños, garlic 
and alternative citrus are some popular additions.

[Authentic Guacamole Recipe [Step-by-Step] - Mexican Food 
Journal](https://mexicanfoodjournal.com/guacamole/)
Learn how to make guacamole with two methods: with a bowl and fork or in the molcajete. The 
main ingredient in guacamole is avocado, but you also need onion, tomato, serrano peppers, 
cilantro and salt.

[Traditional Mexican Guacamole - 
Allrecipes](https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/221286/traditional-mexican-guacamole/)
Authentic guacamole recipe made with traditional ingredients of avocados, tomatoes, lemon 
juice, cilantro, onion, and some spicy jalapeño for heat. ... Main Dishes Sheet Pan Dinners 
View All Meals Meals. Breakfast & Brunch Lunch Healthy Appetizers & Snacks

[Authentic Guacamole Recipe (Traditional, Fresh Ingredients) - JZ 
Eats](https://jz-eats.com/authentic-guacamole-recipe/)
3. Mix in the lime juice. Mix in the lime juice and half the zest. Add the salt and pepper 
and take a taste. Add more if needed. 4. Serve. Serve immediately with tortilla chips and 
store leftovers tightly covered in plastic wrap in the fridge.

[5 Best Traditional Guacamole Ingredients for Amazing 
Flavor](https://bolorecipes.com/traditional-guacamole-ingredients/)
Making traditional guacamole ingredients is super easy, but a few pro tips will take it from
good to mind-blowingly delicious. The key is using fresh, high-quality ingredients and 
following the right techniques to achieve the perfect creamy yet chunky texture. Whether you
like it smooth or rustic, this step-by-step guide will help you create a ...

Out: None
[Step 1: Duration 12.33 seconds| Input tokens: 2,100 | Output tokens: 244]
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━ Step 2 ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
Output message of the LLM: ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
<think>                                                                                     
Okay, so the user asked, "What is the main ingredient in guacamole?" Let me think. From the 
web search results, I saw that most sources mention avocados as the main ingredient. But I  
need to make sure there's no other main ingredient that's more significant.                 
                                                                                            
Looking at the search results, one recipe says "the main reason, apart from its taste, to   
become so popular..." which points to avocados. Another source mentions avocados, lime      
juice, onions, cilantro, salt, and tomatoes. Some recipes include tomatoes, but avocados are
definitely the primary component. The other ingredients are added for flavor or texture.    
                                                                                            
So the answer should be avocado. Even though some recipes add other ingredients, the main   
one is still avocado. I should confirm that there's no other main ingredient mentioned in   
the results. The search results don't mention any other primary ingredient beyond avocados. 
Therefore, the final answer is avocado.                                                     
</think>                                                                                    
                                                                                            
Thought: The main ingredient in guacamole is avocado, as confirmed by the web search        
results.                                                                                    
Code:                                                                                       
```py                                                                                       
final_answer("avocado")                                                                     
```                                                                                         
 ─ Executing parsed code: ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  final_answer("avocado")                                                                   
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
Out - Final answer: avocado
[Step 2: Duration 15.25 seconds| Input tokens: 5,518 | Output tokens: 479]

Output:
avocado

Task 39 complete.
------------------------------------------------------------
